README.md, before:

# Starting template

This README will need to contain a description of your project, how to run it, how to set up the development environment, and who worked on it.
This information can be added throughout the course, except for the names of the group members.
Add your own name (do not add the names for others!) to the section below.

## Description of project

## Group members

| Profile Picture | Name | Email |
|---|---|---|
| ![](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/uploads/-/system/user/avatar/5816/avatar.png?width=400) | Edward Oh Jang Hun | J.oh-2@student.tudelft.nl |
| ![](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/uploads/-/system/user/avatar/5789/avatar.png?width=400) | Wiktor Cupiał | w.m.cupial@student.tudelft.nl |
|![](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/uploads/-/system/user/avatar/5855/avatar.png?width=400)| Eduard Faraon | e.faraon@student.tudelft.nl |
|![](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/uploads/-/system/user/avatar/6008/avatar.png?width=400)| Eduardo Hernández | e.hernandez-melian@student.tudelft.nl |
|![](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/uploads/-/system/user/avatar/5980/avatar.png?width=400)| Bobi Marinov | b.k.marinov-1@student.tudelft.nl |
|![](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/uploads/-/system/user/avatar/5931/avatar.png?width=400)| Jaouad Hidayat | j.hidayat@student.tudelft.nl |

<!-- Instructions (remove once assignment has been completed -->
<!-- - Add (only!) your own name to the table above (use Markdown formatting) -->
<!-- - Mention your *student* email address -->
<!-- - Preferably add a recognizable photo, otherwise add your GitLab photo -->
<!-- - (please make sure the photos have the same size) --> 

## How to run it

## How to contribute to it

## Copyright / License (opt.)

Commit message:

Added changes to README.md

README.md, after:

# Description of project

This application is a task and schedule organising tool called "Talio".  It was made in 10 weeks with a team of 6 students as part of the Object Oriented Programming Project course in my university. We have all equally contributed to all feautres of the application(front-end, backend, devops, etc.)

## Group members

| Profile Picture                           | Name | Email |
|-------------------------------------------|---|---|
| ![](./pfpPictures/Edward Oh Jang Hun.png) | Edward Oh Jang Hun | J.oh-2@student.tudelft.nl |
| ![](./pfpPictures/Wiktor Cupiał.png)      | Wiktor Cupiał | w.m.cupial@student.tudelft.nl |
| ![](./pfpPictures/Eduard Faraon.png)      | Eduard Faraon | e.faraon@student.tudelft.nl |
| ![](./pfpPictures/Eduardo Hernández.png)  | Eduardo Hernández | e.hernandez-melian@student.tudelft.nl |
| ![](./pfpPictures/Bobi Marinov.png)       | Bobi Marinov | b.k.marinov-1@student.tudelft.nl |
| ![](./pfpPictures/Jaouad Hidayat.png)                                   | Jaouad Hidayat | j.hidayat@student.tudelft.nl |
