# Taking minutes
## Agenda for the team meeting Team Edwards
Location: DW PC1 cubicle 13 
Date: 07.03.2023 
Time: 16:48-17:31 
Attendees: Aleksandra Jach (TA), Bobi Marinov, Eduard Faraon (minute taker), Eduardo
Hernandez Melian (chair), Edward Oh Jang Hun, Jaouad Hidayat, Wiktor Cupiał
## Agenda items

### Opening by chairperson
No minutes.

### Announcements
Meaningful merge request and buddycheck are both due this friday.
Code contribution is inspected every monday morning, only for the main branch.
We should review each other's merge requests and add lots of comments.

### Approval of agenda
(Does anyone have any additions to the agenda? What is missing that you would
like to discuss?)- Yes, discuss about the backlog uploaded yesterday evening.

### Approve minutes of prior meeting
(Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting?) -> yes

### Recap funcionality group (Jaouad/Bobi)
- Created board class
- Created card class
- Added board test class

### Recap GUI group (Jang Hun/Eduardo)
-Presentation of the general idea of the application

### Recap server group (Wiktor/Edy)
-Created board database
-Created card database

### Questions
Q If we complete a functionality with a lower priority, instead of one with higher, does it affect the grading?
A We MUST follow order of priority (order of epics).

### Summary of action points
- Have a week workable UI, controllers by the end of the week.
- Planned a meeting next week (after midterm).
- Switch tasks.

Next chair: Bobi
Next minute taker: Jaouad

### Closing
No minutes.
