# Taking minutes

## Agenda for the team meeting Team Edward.

Location: DW PC1 cubicle 13 \
Date: 28.02.2023 \
Time: 16:45-17:34 \
Attendees: Aleksandra Jach (TA), Bobi Marinov, Eduard Faraon, Eduardo 
Hernandez Melian, Edward Oh Jang Hun (chair), Jaouad Hidayat, 
Wiktor CupiaÅ‚ (minute taker)


# Agenda items

## Opening by Chairperson
No minutes.

## Announcements
we got backlog and coc feedback, we should start coding this week

## Approval of the agenda
(Does anyone have any additions to the agenda? What is missing that you would
like to discuss?) -> no 

## Approve minutes of prior meeting
(Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting?) -> yes

## backlog finalisation
questions to the TA:
	
	Q why does must requirements doesnt count

	A old backlog template is outdated, new epics:
	basic features 
	mulitboard
	details 
	tags 
	keyboard shortcuts
	password protection

	Q every epic should have description 
	
	A for each epic give short description

	Q do the mocks have to be ours

	A we can use mocks from the slides, but they are limited and we should do 
	more feature rich ones 

	Q can we add users to application

	A ask Sebastian

## UI of the app
discussing ideas from premeeting, **lots of drawing on white board**

homepage/index: one big search bar and "plus button" on the top and multiple smaller titled
as a grid. 

creating new board: title, customization (optional), creator name, 

card should have title, description, tags, **could:** due date

**advanced** \
((playing)) cards as card, we should draw multiple cards at the same time
to avoid conflicts with multiple tasks
having same priority

**default theme:**
* easily readable
* dark 
* high contrast
* experiment with the color

**problems** \
drag and drop, security and design problems, we still have to figure out
how to implement it

**brainstorming bookmarking system**


## Summary of action points
| Action items | Who is responsible | Deadline |
| -- | -- | -- |
|  **FINISH GIT ASSIGNMENT**  | All members  |  March 3rd, Friday  |
|  terminology/mocks/stakeholders  |  Jaouad  |  March 2nd, Thursday  |
|  divide must req. into epics  |  Jang Hun, Eduardo  |   March 2nd, Thursday  |
|  divide should req. into epics  |  Bobi, Wiktor  |   March 2nd, Thursday  |
|  divide could req. into epics  |  Edy  |   March 2nd, Thursday  |

next chair: Eduardo \
next minute taker: Edy

we also should add an admin to the stakeholders

## Closing
No minutes
