# Taking minutes
## Agenda for the team meeting Team Edwards
Location:		DW PC1 cubicle 13 \
Date:           28.03.2023 \
Main focus:     Finishing Basic Requirements\
Time:			16:45 – 17:30 \
Atendees:       Aleksandra Jach (TA), Bobi Marinov, Eduard Faraon, Eduardo Hernandez Melian,
                Edward Oh Jang Hun (minute taker), Jaouad Hidayat, Wiktor Cupiał (chair)

# Announcements
* Product pitch is due this Friday. Have to do video presentation on Thursday.
* Individual asssignment(Self-reflection) due Friday.
* Indicate on merge request/issue how much time each person will spent on tasks. /estimate "time"
in description of issues

# Approval of the agenda
* Does anyone have any additions to the agenda? None

# Recap - Connection with the server
(Jaouad)
* implementing websockets
* had to handle client server communication
* need to implement endpoint for server side
* need to have both long polling and web sockets
* need to handle UI refreshing in client side

(Edy)
* Implementing tests for classes
* Testing for network and server error which should display error

# Recap - GUI
* scaling
* making GUI dynamic
* make it update/refresh for all users connected to that client
* 
* drag and drop (Jang Hun)
* fixed drag and drop
* fixed server error when dragging cards (Wiktor)
* need to drag inside the lists themselves

# Multiboard
* (eduardo) did mutiboard, connecting client to database
* Implmeented functionality for cards and lists (Bobi, wiktor)
* Card details and subtasks arranging functions are complete (Bobi)

# Backlog
Checking if we implemented everything required by the backlog. Discussing additional requirements.
* add tag feature
* The client to remember the joined boards, so the user will see the same workspace whenever user reconnects.
* add admin feature

(Bobi)
* Added a simple task directly in the overview, so adding multiple tasks in a sequence is easy.
* See a description indicator in the overview, so user knows which tasks have a description.
* See task progress in overview, so user can understand how many subtasks are already done

# Next week’s programming tasks
* finish implementing synchronization
* fix any issues related to backlog
* improve test coverage
* distribute tasks regarding additional requirements
* issue per cluster of tasks. Estimate time. Choose yourself by assignning.
* UI gonna change. multiple customisation popups

# Summary action points
* Meet this Thursday in EEMCS building at 1pm for video presentation and to work on code
* need to remove test folder in client as it is redundant
* fill out testing rubric to show where in our code we put the test
* add button to disconnect from server
* change remove board to leave board
* Split task:
* (Jaouad) sockets, server-client side. by thrusday, issues related to admin
* (Edy) endpoint and additional methods testing, tags
* (Bobi) card details, Need to make sure user can change name of subtask, Need to make deletion of tasks and synchronisation of tasks with server, Need to open task details through double-click, so user can add further details.
* (Wiktor) basic server requirements
* (Eduardo) card customisation, multiboard things
* (Jang Hun) implement dragging cards in lists themselves

# Announcements from TA
* 10 DAYS LEFT UNTIL PROJECT CLOSES
* Do self assignment: Courses webite -> assignment -> teamwork -> self reflection
* want to know what the app does more than presentaion sklls
* email for people who might feel like not much contribution to project in the eyes of TA
* 2 merge requrest per week per person? Solution: merge request per small features
* next week meeting shorter (25 mins) present potentially shipping product, asking question, what everyone did, basically present product

# Feedback round
* None

# Question round
Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? Feel free to ask anything!
* None

# Closure
Next Chair: Edy

